Update README.md (#77)
stupornova33/MiSiPi.RNA: README.md

## To make a plot summary and sortable table of results:

> This function makes one html per class. Use "type =" to choose which class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function generates one html file based on the chosen class type. Use "type =" to choose one of the following classes: miRNA, piRNA, or siRNA.
```
